reSID was written by Dag Lem.

The project was started after reading an interview with Bob Yannes, the
head engineer of the SID chip. This interview was done by Andreas Varga,
and can be found on his SID Homepage:
http://stud1.tuwien.ac.at/~e9426444/sidpage.html
The reverse engineering of the SID chip would not have been possible without
this interview.

Also found on the SID Homepage is an examination of the SID noise waveform
written by Asger Alstrup. This article was of great help in reverse
engineering the complete algorithm for the noise waveform.

Lars Haugseth has been invaluable in the testing of reSID.
In a matter of hours after hearing about my project, he had completed a 6510
disassembler in Perl. The importance of this was not evident to me until the
next day when he had disassembled the music routine for "Outrun Remix" by
Geir Tjelta, made some changes to it, reassembled, and produced a file
containing 48K of SID register values.
The first tests of reSID were run on this file.
With an exceptional memory of Commodore 64 tunes Lars Haugseth has pointed
out several errors in reSID that are now corrected.

Morten Rollan and Kåre Gunnar Nesheim have provided interesting and insightful
information regarding digital filters.

VICE has been an inspiration for this project, and testing of reSID has
been greatly simplified by VICEs -sounddev dump option. Teemu Rantanen
has written support for reSID in VICE, making it possible to choose at runtime
between his excellent SID emulation and, given enough CPU power, the reSID
emulator engine. Tibor Biczo, Andreas Boose, and André Fachat have provided
combined waveform samples for 6581 R1, R3, R4, and 8580 R5 SID chips.
The VICE home page is found at:
http://www.tu-chemnitz.de/~fachat/vice/

The author of SIDPLAY, Michael Schwendt, has implemented a patch to link
libsidplay with reSID. Using his excellent tune player he has pointed out
several bugs in reSID. He has also provided invaluable information related to
the bugs as basis for further investigation. Most notably, the infamous ADSR
delay bug, of which I was previously unaware, has finally been understood and
is now correctly implemented in reSID. The SIDPLAY home page is found at:
http://www.geocities.com/SiliconValley/Lakes/5147/

A bug report from Daniel Lacasse led to the discovery of a previously unknown
SID bug, the ADSR boundary bug.

Finally I would like to thank my business partner Stian W. Arnesen for
putting up with all this nonsense.
